
I like vehicle commercial photography because the seller emphasizes the detail in the product along with the design. I also enjoy fine art photography because of the emphasis on specific detail that the photographer wants you to pay attention to.

You might see sport photography when watching the news on a newly finished race, a picture like this might be shown. You might see a magazine featuring a new dress, this would be a fashion themed photo. Portraits are pictures of people with a blurred background usually. Still life photography is the photography of non living objects, usually with bright colors or environments. Architectural photography can be a form of advertisement to sell a service rather than an object.

Car photography has a wide range of styles, this theme can be anywhere from this, to this, to this. You may think none of these photos look extremely out of the ordinary, many photos have a hidden meaning, the 1st photo linked (this one here) is a picture of a $5 model lamborghini huracan. This photo was taken indoors with a toy car. This is very distinguishing because in this section you can photograph toys or a real vehicle.

If you want to be a paid photographer there are multiple options you can take. You can have companies ship you a product, photograph the product and then send the company the photos. You could be a wedding photographer and photograph events / venues. However one of the drawbacks is usually that unless you work for a company your income depends on demand.




For the photo shoot he will need the following the materials:
Food necessary (burger, shake, etc.) in addition to the materials for the food (pickles, mustard, bun, etc.) in case we need to modify the look of the burger for better visual appearance. 
Heat gun for melting the edges of cheese on a burger
Backdrop for photos gray / white
Syringe for injecting ketchup / mustard
Lights for studio lighting
Vegetable oil for juicy burger look
We may need a small prop or object to tilt the object to one side to emphasize the condiments in the burger


My budget is low, with the exception of my initial camera price. supplies for photos are normally low price hot wheels and black backgrounds, this means i can pick up supplies from pretty much any store.
I chose these photos to represent me because I like the way they turned out. Some of these may be similar but have different elements, i like taking photos of Hot wheels, RC, and other cars. I especially like how the first photo turned out. Turning the wheels of a car gives the photo depth that you can’t get with a Hot Wheels car.

My 9 photos and how i shot them:

Photos 1, 3, 4, and 6 were shot in one go. To prepare for the shoot I got a blue barstool and a black background. I set the camera up about 1/4FT away from the car. The car was set on the stool after putting a small amount of water on the barstool; This was to add reflection to the photo. A drop of colored food dye was used to color the water for the photos.

The second photo was shot from a distance of about 15FT. I used a zoom lens to get closer to the car while providing space for it to drift during the shoot while the camera was mounted on a tripod. The RC car used was a 1:10 Scale Mazda RX7 with a Veilside body kit and Fast And Furious Paint job.

Photo 5 was taken of a 1982 Nissan Skyline R30 GR-R. The setting for the photo was outside on a log while the time was sunset. The GT-R was placed on the log while the camera was held by hand. Miner angle and car adjustments were made.

The last photo was taken outside around noon. The setting was underneath a trampoline as my cat stretched and rolled around in the dirt; that's pretty much it.

I think the important mental characteristics are important because it shows the state the person is in. i incorporated them in statements like ”how I miss those bright colors”

The important aspects to the story are the date, the character and flashback info, and the place the character is in now. 

The way I would describe my character would be: sad, yearning, and guilty.

In 79 AD, MT. Vesuvius erupted; this happened when I was just a kid, sitting in a small class with my classmates. We had no worries, and the world was greener then, it's not so green anymore. When the rain came - all was supposed to be calm and cleaner, but now it wasn't; the water mixes with the ash and the ash washes away the colors and the good of the world. I don't know where I am, or where I'm going, and that day was the last I remember of it; how I miss those bright colorsThe small towns like mine that lived near the mountain, we could have escaped; But no, now I sit here unable to recall what is happening or what will happen; I can only remember that one day.

Eyes opened in the dark; slowly rising, groaning as the tired feeling washes away. Slowly rising, the figure in the dark morning light walked to the sink and turned the tap. the figure briefly washes their face. Half asleep eyes setting a goal on the ragged bed; stumbling in the morning light, yearning to sleep, done with the world. Collapsing into the bed, almost instantly blacking out; returning to the same cycle of nightmares and flashbacks.
If I were to have an ending it would most likely end with some sort of death, so that i have less to deal with, or a moral so i can include the moral in the main bit of the story.

The elements needed for these methods to work are about the same, you tell the story as it is meant to be told and imply a hidden meaning.

I think readers should feel saddened when reading my story because of the specific wording and way it would be told.

The camera generates the majority of technical details automatically.
Someone may look through this after their photo was taken to try and get the same effect.
Descriptive information is often provided manually by the photographer or someone managing the picture using imaging software.
Someone may use this to see what changes were made during editing.
The majority of administrative info is entered by hand into the metadata.
This would most likely be notes by the photographer or editor for future reference on the image (could be used in game development)
Film photography has a few benefits over digital photography:
A film camera may have a cheaper initial cost than a similar digital camera.
Film has a larger dynamic range, which allows it to capture more information in whites and blacks.
Minor focussing and exposure errors are more forgivable with film photography.
A film camera often has a better resolution than most digital cameras.
Film photographers with a limited number of exposures on a roll of film must consider their photographs more carefully before shooting them.
Photographers who use digital cameras prefer to capture photographs first and ponder later.
An experienced photographer would probably have preset settings that are then adjusted on the spot for the best shoot Whereas most people who are not as experienced with photography will most likely use a mobile phone.
If i were to edit the photo below i would most likely darken it a tad, change the brightness and amount of color on the blue specifically, and i would most likely have to lower the contrast after that.

In the story Pigmalian, two men named Pickering and Higgins decide to convince a group of nobles that they can transform a common flower girl into someone that can talk like a noble in a matter of months. Higgins then meets a flower girl looking for help to speak better, as she wants to run a flower shop. Higgins decides to take the girl (Eliza) on as his project. They decide to pay her father to buy her and teach her how to properly speak as a noble. They think that other noble’s will not be able to tell that she was just a flower girl a few months ago; the girl's name is Eliza. For months Eliza is trained by Higgins to speak as a duchess and to remove any flower girl trace from her. Eliza begins to see that Higgins and Pickering see her mainly as a project; Eliza does not like this. Near the end of the story Higgins thinks Eliza has run away, he shares this with his mother, Higgin’s mother calms him. Eliza’s father then comes and tells Higins of how he has ruined him with his wealth. He tells of how Higgins wrote jokingly to a millionaire recommending him, and that millionaire decided to give him three thousand pounds a year. This forced him to become one of the social class. Higgins' mother reveals that Eliza is upstairs and sends for her. Her father explains he is dressed so well because he is getting married to Eliza. Everyone except Higgins and Eliza ask to go with him. When they leave Higgins tells Eliza that he does not think of her as his project, this comforts Eliza.

The first skill I have learned would be how to properly structure sentences, specifically with punctuation. Before I started taking this class I was bad at structuring sentences and paragraphs, and my work reflected this. The item I would have to represent this skill would be a computer, as I work better digitally than I do on paper. A computer can help catch many of my errors and help me learn how to fix them better. 
The third thing I have learned is how to cope better with stress.
Before I learned to cope I would end up running my hand through my hair and would end up pulling my hair out.
The item I will have to represent in this section will be a fidget cube.
The reason I chose this item to represent this section is that it is what helps me relieve stress.
Before I could properly cope I would procrastinate or quit.
I still have a ways to go but I'm getting there.
The quote I liked the most from class was from Julias Caesar, by Shakespear, “It's not that I loved Caesar less, but that I loved Rome more.” I liked this quote because of the meaning it has to me.
It means that some things outweigh others.
It means that just because you want something, It doesn't mean you won't sacrifice it for something greater.

This is especially helpful for people with glasses.
This also helps when taking awkward positioning pictures such as taking a picture of a tree with your camera on the ground.
LCD screens do have some drawbacks though.
The biggest drawback I feel is battery life.
Using the LCD screen loses battery life faster than using a viewfinder.
Another drawback would be you can't use an LCD screen in especially bright areas.
The other issue that using an LCD screen can cause is if you are holding the camera away from your body with only your hands holding it, it can cause it to wobble and cause blurry photos.
I personally like using the viewfinder when I can.
I prefer it because the few cameras I have I don't have a viewfinder so when I get the opportunity to use it I take it.


